---
layout: post
title: "New Shoes!"
description: "Look at my new shoes!"
date: 2022-12-27
tags: ["Personal"]
---

# New Shoes!

Merry Christmas! Here's my gift from Sydney that I love.

## Teva ReEmber

Sydney bought me [Teva ReEMBERs](https://www.teva.com/shoes/reember/1125472.html).
They are outdoor slip-ons with a padded exterior. They are super light, but look 
sturdy enough to be worn outdoors and in the backcountry. They are alittle goofy looking 
but I love the look. I plan on using these shoes when commuting to the ski-slopes
or carry them in my backpack and wear them once at the campsite. 

{% include image_caption.html imageurl="/images/teva1.jpg" title="Teva outdoor slippers" caption="Outdoor slippers!" %}

{% include image_caption.html imageurl="/images/teva2.jpg" title="Teva outdoor slippers on my feet" caption="Here's them on! Silly outfit but I think they look good" %}


## Lems Chillum

I bought myself a new pair of Lems.

This time, I bought [Lems Chillum](https://www.lemsshoes.com/products/mens-chillum) from the pedestrian shop on Pearl Street. 

{% include image_caption.html imageurl="/images/lems1.jpg" title="New pair of Lems!" caption="New pair of Lems!" %}

I really like this shoe brand. They advertise that they are Boulder company (but I'm not totally sure).
I really like how comfortable their shoes are. They have a wide end so your toes can naturally spread out.

I bought these to wear to work, since my current pair of Lems, which I've worn every single day for a year, are losing their professional look. 


As you can tell from this blog post, I'm very happy with my new shoes. I don't think I'll create many blog posts about silly purchases like these, but I was feeling inspired to write.

I hope all my readers had a Merry Christmas! What was your favorite gift that your recieved or gave this year?


{% include image_caption.html imageurl="/images/teva3.jpg" title="Merry Christmas! Here's an action shot" caption="Action shot of me in the Tevas." %}

Stay well.