---
layout: post
title: "HTWTW: Dec 25th to Jan 1st"
description: "Goals for the weeks"
date: 2022-12-26
tags: ["Win the Week"]
---

# How to win the week (HTWTW)!

Hello future Rob! I'm presently sitting in front of Sina's fireplace writing this.

# Events from last week
- We experienced a polar plunge. The temperatures dropped to -12 fahrenheit, and something like -40 with wind chill. Sydney and I were hardly affected. Thank god for modern heating. 
- Work was fairly intense. I spent a marority of week writing design docs.
- I can't remember any special evenings during the week, other than, one of the days I did an OTF workout which was super tough.
- Christmas trip to the springs was a major sucess. 
  - 12/23 - Sydney and I arrive in the Springs. Relaxed with Sydney's mom.
  - 12/24 - **Christmas Eve** - Yoga and OTF in the morning. Then we went to REI. I bought Sydney new beanie, and climbing shoes.
    I also purchased these [black diamond ski straps](https://www.blackdiamondequipment.com/en_US/product/ski-strap-25in/). I'm not sure how to 
    use them yet, but I think they will aid in hiking in one or another 🤷. 
    We had lunch at Capriotti's, then went to Fuzzy's for margs, and watched the
    Eagles/Cowboys game. I told Sina that I "bleed green", lol. When we got home,
    I had a family video call on Whatsapp, which was really enjoyable. Later in the evening, Sydney and I went to target and bough Azul, a board game. Then played
    "New Phone who dis" with Kevin and Nate. It was a great evening, and a nice 
    Christmas Eve.
   - 12/25 - **Christmas Day** - We started the day by visiting Will and Terra. We
   had a breakfast feast, then unwrapped gifts. We drove home. Sydney napped, and Seamus, Finley, and I went on a walk to Ute Valley Park. Later, Kim, and Laundie
   came over for Christmas dinner, (which was sourced from Cracker Barrel, but
   delicious). We opened gifts. 

# This week
- I have monday off for Christmas. Spending the days in the springs.
- I work Tuesday through Thursday. I get Friday off for New Years. 
- Sydney and I leave for Las Vegas super early Friday Morning. 

## Las Vegas
 - Friday - 12/30
   - We arrive in Las Vegas around 9am. Sina + Laundie won't arrive until 12:30. We 
   have about 3.5 hours for ourselves in Las Vegas before anyone joins us.
     - TODO: Rob, find something fun that I can with Sydney while we wait.
   - Fountains at Bellagio
   - Afternoon, Bellagio Conservatory & Botanical Gardens.
   - For dinner we are going to go to the Buffet at Belassio. 
   - For evening entertainment, we have tickets for Cirque du Soleil.
 - Saturday - 12/31
   - Morning activity:
   - Lunch: Din Tai Fung
   - Evening: Fremont Street party
 - Sunday - 1/1
   - Morning Activity:
   - Lunch:
   - Afternoon: Valley of Fire?, Reef Aquarium
   - Evening: 
   - Dinner:
 - Monday - 1/2
   - Morning Activity:
   - Lunch:
   - Afternoon: Possibly see the Hoover Dam.
   - Evening: Our flight is not until 10:50pm. Sina leaves at 5:45pm.  
   - Dinner: 
 

## Fitness Goals
 - Attend 1 OTF classes this week.
 - 2 days of Yoga with Adriene
 - Morning Ski trip to Eldora

## Travel planning goals
 1. Plan Sydney's trip to PA.

## Hobby Goals
 1. woodworking? Draw picture of shoe rack.
 1. Get website to build on gcp
 1. simple-website blog posts.

## Editing experience improvements for the blog 
 1. Markdown editor - things like tables would be nice.
 1. spell checker



