---
layout: post
title: "Copper Mountain - 1/08/23"
description: "Sunday date at Copper Mountain!"
date: 2023-01-04
tags: ["travel", "ski"]
---

# Copper Mountain

Photo album: https://photos.app.goo.gl/6bhjrHZ7kJBUmUm79

<div class="strava-embed-placeholder" data-embed-type="activity" data-embed-id="8360428230"></div><script src="https://strava-embeds.com/embed.js"></script>

*Strava's embeded post is not displaying the stats correctly. We did 10,295 ft of vertical in 3hr15min of total skiing time (1h11m of moving time).* 

[Winter park trail map](https://www.coppercolorado.com/the-mountain/trail-area-maps/winter-trail-map).

Syd and I arrived at the Alpine Lot (the free-commuter lot) around 8:30, and rode the Super Bee lift as soon as it opened at 9. 

We started the day on a horrendously bumpy run which was fittingly named "Bouncer". This was the worst warm up run I could have possibly picked, yet Syd was a trooper, and set the mood for an adventurous and challenging day on the slopes.

We headed back to the East Village for a repeat of the Super Bee. This time down "Andy's Encore", and then onto the black diamond "Cabin Chute". We didn't plan on going down this, but the piles of powder at the trailhead caught our eyes. This run was one of my top picks for best of the day. Deep powder, and forgiving moguls. Halfway down, Syd and I sat in a blanket of powdery-snow and ate an amazing tasting peanut butter cliff bar. (There's some video of Syd shredding some moguls in the photo album).

Up the Resolution lift and over to the Storm King t-bar - Syd and I want to check out the top! We accidentally go down the anti-climatic "Hallelujah Ridge" which took us right back to the bottom of the t-bar, so we tried again! On attempt #2, we did the "Lillie G Traverse" to the Three Bears lift. This traverse brought us to the massive back bowls at Copper. 

The top of the Three Bears lift is the southern slope of the Copper Bowl. The runs up here are all fairly gnarly double blacks. Sydney crushed the "Summit Stash" run to get down the bowl. We decided that was enough, and headed up the Mountain Chief lift and looped all the way back to the car at the Super Bee lift. We took a 2.9 mile run all the way to Center Village. At the top, we rode through "Union Meadows" - this was another incredible run. 

At this point it was around lunchtime, and Syd and I felt accomplished enough. 

Lunch was at CO BBQ in Frisco. I had a pulled pork sandwich, Syd had brisket. 

Happy Sunday. It was a good one for me. 
