---
layout: post
title: "Las Vegas NYE 2023"
description: "my first 21+ trip to Vegas with Sydney"
date: 2023-01-04
tags: ["travel"]
---

# Vegas

**Blog post on my first 21+ trip to Vegas with Sydney**

Very important: follow along with the [photo album linked here](https://photos.app.goo.gl/NThKtFZf3DyniNAq8).

## Friday 12/30
Our trip started at 3 A.M. when Sydney and I awoke for our flight to DIA. Early flights are the best: dirt cheap, and I’m always amped to get up early and seize the day (although on this occasion, I had a terrible night of sleep, and Sydney drove; thanks babe 😛). Travelling across the States is no easy task: decent public transportation is nonexistent, and Vegas is 12 hour drive from Boulder. As a whole, the US is far too ungrateful for the utility that air transportation provides. 

I’m extremely grateful for this flight in particular.

*Begin Southwest airlines rant*

Southwest Airline's entire network [completely collapsed](https://www.nytimes.com/2022/12/27/business/southwest-flights-canceled-travel.html), stranding thousands and halting travel in the US on one of the busiest travel days ever. And the cause is brutal for software developers and algorithm enthusiasts. Southwest was caught with their pants down using 40-year-old software as their flight scheduler. This piece of junk could only reschedule ~400 flights (*at a time, I assume*). On the day of the collapse, an extreme polar plunge, and subsequent airport worker walk off caused a massive cancellation of flights. Operations at Southwest needed to reschedule thousands of flights at once because of the poor-environment. However, their outdated software didn’t have a chance at recomputing the new schedule with this magnitude of a change. The software spun, and no schedule was produced. Very few Southwest flights left any airport for multiple days (source, and overall great watch: [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ghEFf2CQypc](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ghEFf2CQypc)).


By Friday, Southwest corrected their schedule and Syd and I’s flight was on. 

*End Southwest airlines rant*

We were in LAS at 7:30 A.M. It was packed with suitcases, slot machines, and smokers (yes - you are allowed to smoke inside this airport). Dazed and confused, Sydney and I made the executive decision to save maybe $8 and take the public bus.

We started by getting on Southward, but we had to go North. I noticed that a few stops in the wrong direction, and hopped off at a depot. We waited about 15 minutes, outside, with a crackhead having a ball, and then, got right back on the exact bus that we were just on - just now headed north. 

We were the only tourists on the bus. I know that because: (1) we were the only white people, and (2) the only people that didn’t know the bus driver (who was training a new guy, which was making everyone else on edge), plus we were the only fools who got off the bus, waited a few minutes, then got back on at the same stop they were dropped off. 

Anyway, we arrived at Golden Nugget maybe around 10 A.M. After checking-in, we felt like exploring and were starving. First meal at Vegas. Chicken and waffles at Hash Hash A Go Go. 

After the meal, we went back to the hotel room and napped until Sina and Landie arrived. 

After they arrived, we ubered to the Bellagio - which is an incredibly fancy hotel with a view of Paris, botanical gardens, a huge casino, many bars/lounges/amazing restaurants, and fountains.

Check out my photos from the first day. 

For happy hour, we found a nice lounge with a live guitarist playing. We shared a bottle of Prosecco and sparkling Rosé. One of us ordered shots and poured them into their wine! Party ON! After having many drinks, we went to Cirque du Soleil O performance. 

O was Breathtaking. The floor was a pool, that had a grated floor that could raise or lower. Trapeze and divers danced above the stage and plunged into the pool while a live orchestra jammed. Rating: 🍿🍿🍿🍿🍿.

Afterward we had Eataly; pizza, pasta, and gelato; bellissimo. We ubered to the Golden Nug from NY, NY. Once home, we went to Walgreens for water and snacks. I bailed when the group went to White Castle.

The hotel room was across the street from a music venue that was hosting a rave. It sounded like we were there. 

## Saturday 12/31 
We woke up around 10 A.M. and had Chick-fil-A breakfast. Then ubered to Meow Wolf. Meow Wolf is an interactive art exhibit. You walk through a supermarket that's going through a worm-hole or something (idk, but it's enteraining.) While I was there, I saw Keller Williams in the trippy supermarket 😍. First time ever meeting a rockstar, and I just saw him perform in Ned a few weeks earlier. Meow Wolf was incredible - definitely worth a visit. 

After Meow Wolf, we ubered to the Aria, another incredible hotel for Din Tai Fung, an Asian restaurant. We had mojitos at the bar beforehand, then entered. Din Tai Fung was amazing; we had a taste of everything, but the best dish was soup-filled dumplings, *Xiaolongbao*. I was terribly underdressed (most of the clientele were Chinese, wearing their New Year's Red). 

After Din Tai Fung, we went out to Fat Tuesdays, where we got two alcoholic slushies. *Find the photos of Sina enjoying those!* We walked to the Bellagio for crêpes and to see the botanical gardens. We ubered back to the Golden Nugget for the NYE celebration. More drinks on Fremont street and went to the hotel room to relax before the evening. 

Freemont St for the NYE celebration was lit. It was a music festival with four*ish* bands, under a giant TV dome. We saw The Whalers and then Sugar Ray for the new year's countdown and celebration. Before going to bed, we got popup pizza from the plaza.

## Sunday 1/1

We woke up feeling poopy. Around 11, we left the hotel and walked to Container Park. We had tacos and burritos from an authentic Mexican place 🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮. Quick hangover nursing and back to the Bellagio. 

Syd and I ubered to the Beerhaus for drinks while we waited for Sam and Bre. When they arrived, they were with a huge group (2 extra couples + Bill). One of the dudes frequents Vegas and their dad is an investment shark. They invited us for a limo ride to a dinner at the cosmopolitan. Syd and I obliged and went along on their adventure. 

They brought us to "The Mansions" where we took a Rolls-Royce and a limo to the cosmopolitan (we were in the limo). We went straight to the restaurant, the *Superfrio*, where we were seated at the largest table. No expense was sparred: espresso martinis, raw calamari, wine, strippers dancing in the aisle, a waitress made us table-side mozzarella, it was a five-course meal - sorta felt like a dream now that I write this. It was an incredible evening.

Syd and I felt a tad out of place after dinner (*I forgot to mention that one of the people we were with played for the Rockies last year*), so we bailed, and went back to the Bellagio to see the fountains. They geyser-ed to Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds, which was extremely cool. Afterward, we walked back to the Bellagio for a drink. Then went back outside for a more disappointing performance of "Proud to be an American". We ubered back to the Golden Nugget, and made a poor attempt at gambling. 

I didn’t know where to buy chips, so I asked a security guard, who directed me to a small store in the corner of the hotel. I stumbled into the store, very-perplexed that this where poker-chips were stored. I asked the cashier, “May I buy some chips?”. But they responded by pointing to their wall of potato chips. I was so defeated that I just left. I figured, if I was so clueless on where to even get poker-chips, I’m probably going to do worse at the table.

That ended the evening.
## Monday 1/2
On the last day of the trip, poor Syd had terrible nausea. We bailed on our plan to rent a car and drive to the Hoover Dam. We chilled at Container Park for a while so Syd could eat saltines and drinking ginger ale. Sina had departed for her flight.

After feeling better, we walked to the Neon Museum to look at old signs of Vegas, which was a cool sight, and made us reflect on how long this town has been there, with the same radiating energy. It also made us imagine 
 
The trip ended with an uber to the airport and me writing this on my phone. The flight departure was very late. We didn’t arrive at my car in the Pikes Peak lot until 3 A.M. I nearly crashed on the way home from low visibility on I-70, it was terrifying. I was asleep at 4 A.M, but woke up the next day and killed it. 

Vegas was a ton of fun. I think it's a US city that everyone should visit at least once. Ther was a ton that we didn't do. I'm excited to go back.

Vegas, [I’m coming back for you, baby](https://www.tiktok.com/@carlyraejepsen/video/7151798377573780779?is_from_webapp=v1&item_id=7151798377573780779&web_id=7075692686118716974)! 

